# MTA_turnstile_data
Visualize MTA turnstile data
This project is created for the purpose of The Data Incubator (TDI) code challenge. The challenge asks to 
"Propose a project to do while at The Data Incubator... Propose a project that uses a large, publicly accessible dataset. Explain your motivation for tackling this problem, discuss the data source(s) you are using, and explain the analysis you are performing. At a minimum, you will need to do enough exploratory data analysis to convince someone that the project is viable and generate two interesting non-trivial plots or other assets supporting this. Explain the plots and give url links to them."

General description:
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) runs huge public transportation networks. According to MTA's website, the networks connect 12 counties in southeastern New York, along with two counties in southwestern Connecticut, carrying over 11 million passengers on an average weekday system-wide, and over 800,000 vehicles on its seven toll bridges and two tunnels per weekday. There are millions of millions of data generated over the years reflecting the commuters' behaviors. This project focuses on analysizing the turnstile usage data generated from MTA New York City Transit (aka New York City Subway). The turnstile usage data are essentially the geographic and time distribution of the commuter behavior (enter or exit). These data can be used to turn into a wide range of knowledge. For example, NYPD can use it to decide where and when to send police to  and how many possibally needed. 
